TODO.md, before:

1. [ ] cancel shouldn't save empty file if type is not recognized
2. [ ] Commit button should say "Save" if type isn't recognize (editing a regular file) and set title to filename and disable cancel
3. [ ] conventional commit? https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. [ ] spell checking
   1. [ ] 1. [ ] depends on https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gspell/-/issues/17
5. [ ] emoji autocomplete - gitmoji shortcuts? https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gtk/-/issues/86
6. [ ] https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules
7. [ ] https://robertcooper.me/post/git-commit-messages
8. [ ] Usage (README.md) in instructions? userdoc?
9. [ ] preview commit from welcome?
10. [ ] screenshots welcome window? screenshots emoji selector
11. [ ] menu in editor window headerbar center
12. [ ] find good ideas at https://github.com/zorgiepoo/Komet/releases/tag/0.1
13. [ ] max length 72 (github/gitlab wraps)
14. [ ] detect non imperative mood

https://tekin.co.uk/2020/03/git-commit-verbose-mode
https://robertcooper.me/post/git-commit-messages
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-better-git-commit-messages/
https://wiki.gnome.org/Git/CommitMessages
https://cbea.ms/git-commit/

Commit message:

Connect the ruler with the setting
It helps knowing where text will wrap when making the Commit window
bigger.

Keep it hidden for now

7f571f7'.

TODO.md, after:

1. [ ] cancel shouldn't save empty file if type is not recognized
2. [ ] Commit button should say "Save" if type isn't recognize (editing a regular file) and set title to filename and disable cancel
3. [ ] conventional commit? https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
4. [ ] spell checking
   1. [ ] 1. [ ] depends on https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gspell/-/issues/17
5. [ ] emoji autocomplete - gitmoji shortcuts? https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gtk/-/issues/86
6. [ ] https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules
7. [ ] https://robertcooper.me/post/git-commit-messages
8. [ ] Usage (README.md) in instructions? userdoc?
9. [ ] preview commit from welcome?
10. [ ] screenshots welcome window? screenshots emoji selector
11. [ ] menu in editor window headerbar center
12. [ ] find good ideas at https://github.com/zorgiepoo/Komet/releases/tag/0.1
13. [ ] max length 72 (github/gitlab wraps)
14. [ ] detect non imperative mood
15. [ ] show warning when there is a period at the end of the title
16. [ ] deduplicate spaces between words

https://tekin.co.uk/2020/03/git-commit-verbose-mode
https://robertcooper.me/post/git-commit-messages
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-better-git-commit-messages/
https://wiki.gnome.org/Git/CommitMessages
https://cbea.ms/git-commit/
